1.	https://www.kfc.com/
2.	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy
3.	https://www.xbox.com/en-US/

Philosophy is in demand. It holds-it toughs. To be the most important thinker it would to have a range of subjects that you would find important to perhaps elucidate to enlighten the reader then viewer and most of all the consumer, these days. Now what term type of person would mean such a thing, as a philosopher. The best I could think of would be an Educator. Or even a multi-versatile Engineer of sorts. What do I personally hold in my life as important as the mark of my breast. Breastplate, way of me life of personal living operation and leading to my desires and desired livelihood. My psychological aspect. My form of my life, which is in similarity. Then finally my existence with others perfectly compatible in my own solitary. What would it be then to mix facts. Why would I do this, over that. The answers are often given yet I feel alone yet empty but yet I know I can love and raise family.
I’m big time fan, of the type of cut that the fries got. I don’t look for much I don’t need much and when your there your fulfilled meaning you don’t need to go to any other place. This place good and your gonna fill up. Its fast food its bang for your buck, once again a fast food chain. The sauces look great. When it comes to goin’ with the dark, I’m 3-buttermilk biscuits to go wit’ it. Sometimes, I could perhaps finish off an entire Bucket of Legs. 1 Sweet Tea please. Thanks Coronel. Why its Coronel Sanders, I presume. Thank you.
I love how Microsoft does it. I love how @BillGates made the original and set it on its course to do the impossible and that is to be as good as the Nintendo and Playstation and SteamOS. The @Xbox ecosystem is like no other. The entire BackCatalog of @Xbox VideoGames and roms of classic systems as well. It is so immersive that I feel right in this place. Whether it be Nvidia or ATI those companies let us know that this is a stellar video-game system that is well known in our digital lives and to pair it with all of my other Microsoft devices is a dream come true. @Xbox isn’t afraid to try new things and this generation isn’t any different. The controller is a work of human video-game ‘development’ perfection.

