If you take all of the cumulative sciences you take for instance our biological and medical and technical understanding. (Which):09 is our human one. 
Then you have a summary of our capabilities at hand. This project was very hands-on and it turned out to be using, using the very essence of every 
professional and manual laboristic board that we can lay our hands on and read-about in two levels of any (Sky-tower)to quote the great'Jung.:09:09:0')9 
It was a photobiological aspect it was a cellular even neurological examples and yes 'Bill Gatesian' technical (advise):09 and experti)se::-)';:09. 
Once again, that we can lay our hands on.
--Furthermo)::r')e:09:09:0')9::-;(We hav')e a Wes{s}:09)
We are going to discuss the computer materialism, the computer engineering then the computer programming of making this beast. How inside of those 
computer programming processes you would find certain professional expertise from all lands. The amount of network communications and that the 
necessary amount of mobile communications and processing power often only a software update alone to make someone sa(fer):09. All of inside of 
this Tumblr Foca.{(F/T)}For I have written this before, drawn it up. In bachelors of science--way meaning the very assembly from a written stand point and 
programming outlooks, milestones.
Physical-Digital-Telecommunication-ComputerArchitecture and Power.#809{(T)}.#809{(s/{T})}:09')?/'?/'

First, you take every single profession that is in similarity on page. To this project. From the photobiologists to the forensic scientists to the research doctors
to the genetic engineers to the computer scientists. Its either real or 'Digital. To continue on you would need a protective force, our father for instance and our
Guidance Father, like one of our chosen proven innocent leaders. To work as a Development team. The reason your taking experts from every ranging science is because this is
on the verge of the most bleeding edge of technology you would ever have made and in operation. From the aviators to the specialist to the construction workers and the
architects to every form of engineering and writers for example, Stephen King and his idea in "Geralds Game" which originated in (1992). So from here til now and in this
history of these pieces of technology that we continue to work with. This would be a hybrid of our Telecommunications and SonarRadarThermal Technology the exciting thing is 
that they use the same {tech.}

{Computer Assembly}/.'Shift Advantage. You take what is inside of a plane the best one we have on the U.S. Armed Forces. Then you take what we have the best on
a boat of the U.S. Armed Forces to identify either sea creatures or underwater objects. Then you take the very best our SecretService/CIA/FBI has in terms of mobile
telecommunications. So you then have 3(hree) working examples examples that we see and use in our world every single day. To explain the Computer Assembly. As this 
Barack'{Obama}Development Team we have to design, build and assemble physical towers and receivers. Every receiver could also offer a hotspot for continued inspection
growing in strength as every digital net does. So if a receiver is a transmitter. Then a transmitter is then a receiver. From our protective forces our chosen leaders,
for example Barack Obama can see it on his desktop, his mobile even go into the offices with security clearance. To the moment and the very fact. Of identifying in real-time.
What kinds of objects these criminals have upon them at any given time, alot like Thermal Technology does. This would be the main objective of this RadarSonarThermal Computer
and Software System. It would then have to be one of the strongest digital connections we have, alot like the internet is, the amount of landLine and mobile bandwidth this would take
along with all of the constant data traffic would be grandiose. Today we are surrounded by mobile networks, this engineering is only a software update away in some
developmental cases. Other cases the development team would begin to assemble the greatest computer network that human technology has ever seen.
{Computer Programming of the Radar}
-Relay object identifying
-Systematic updates to the latest criminal weapon advantages
-From beginner to advanced(latest)technology, like the video game consoles graphical output trajectory, 
 meaning not only tracing/identifying but also 1:1(GTA'Style)Discover if Criminal wants to commit any form of Violent Harm to a potential Victim at that>
-Prevention Technique
-Past Technique
-Current {Batman The Dark Knight'(style Radar) meets 1992's Geralds Game(Stephen'King):} DigitalVisualAreas and RadarSonarThermalGraphical Whereabouts of Criminal and its Objects.
-Data Traffic consisting of {Evidence, VisualProjection, GoodForcesCommunication, WhiteHatDeveloperCommunication, Queries, Locations and WeaponFound}
-Human Population visualized seen in safety otherwise Human of HumanPopulation in graveDanger of CriminalOSWarBeatYellowKinds either imminent or rather on-going or now labeled a Victim.
-Working systems, what we have as developers, what their is and pick and choose then assimilate (this) into a now collective working system that is used for us and
 then utilized in other systems, the transmitters and receivers yes, then you would have one on-going system of use and a collection of digital commands and Data that is now in use
 at another portal that is used by a user. Participating partners. Full Circle, Anything can be used-seen-had and then properly derived even formulated to a conclusion-that being
 a citizen of each country does not take any form whatsoever of emotional, mental nor physical violent type sets of violence. At any time. Nor will it in the future of theirs. (1)One.
-Satellite or Building Towers communication to Mobile Phones, Wifi Laptops/Desktops, Jets, Submarines, Schools
 a1(0'ne) DigitalWeb(MobilePhone ChicagoTree) of Radar and Sonar and Thermal:"|>
{Computer Operation with SonarRadarThermal and Telecommunication{Fiber} Technology}
-the Personal Equip of a Fighting Force hellbent on saving the soon to be victim.
-DataCenters which is a term for data storage in a company either affiliated or working with the team that is guarding the human population from violence and other Evils.
 inside the data center there is digital visuals, CPU[(s)], mobile technology, the very latest technology that would serve as a development teams set of tools to remove violence from
 the human population either in Chicago, nationwide or even across the globe. Then that data center either through telecommunication or optical fibers would communicate with perhaps
 another data center and from there this system would be then spread across all devices and also all participating business partners to an extent the objective has been fulfilled by
 the team at task and then once the objective is done it has been completed thats all. 
-Removal of Weapon from Criminal.
-Protection and the Ongoing safety of what would be the victim and at that citizen who is yet to be harmed.
-Team collaboration, communication, sending/receiving/saving/storing/printing/visualizing/calling
 and such as any technique a (S)pecialist or [D]eveloper would need from this system, 
 can be done-Reporting/Accessing/SecurityClearance/Labeling/Notifying/Criminal Weapon Confiscation leading to Gathering of illegal Weaponery then finally eliminating it from
 its possession/Equipping/DaemonFoeterAemeraAdvancementOfThisCurrentRealitiesSystem/iOT Inclusion/GearUpdates/GearOnPersonAndComputerSystems and so forth...
-This is a surveillance project, this is also a hybrid of MobileTelecommunications and RadarSonarThermal project, 
 is also a blend of expert learned sciences(ranging form neurology/LawEnforcementMobOfficialExpertise/GameDevelopment) type of project that can have all ranges of expertise from
 just hired, to working and Expert(Senior) level of thinkers that naturally lead the development team we have at hand.

'P{S}{B:('}ATE'(:{EE}'{('EE')}:P'B0')ST:-?/'9-'0'):-;?/'{:B|"}'{A}'{AST}










/:'
'{P}
(1.)First and foremost, identify any human deadly weapon its current location, where it is traveling to end up at and then finally its lawful confiscation preventing any form of innocent bloodshed or violence about to be committed by the criminal(s).
(2.)Second, being to develop this technology system we have at hand and with our already understood technological methods we have in place, for this system's scientific eye and data retrieve leading to its dataView would be able to determine in a
variety of ways, future and potential, criminal violent harm of any kind to any, would be victim, which is about to be committed to anyone at any given time in the entire world.
(3.)Third, a new class a new interface what have you would be to even decipher past crimes committed by criminals with scientific research leading to forensic analysis and law group determinations of the proof needed to prosecute those who have
committed horrific crimes in the past and of which they have done so.
(4.)Then from here, this point, any other layer of design, implementation, construction or ability needed by General Mark A. Milley or President Joe Biden or any other trusted affiliate named by them. Could be brought to our shared reality and
completed.For example a complete 1:1 digitally recreated world that is a mirror of our own biological world, the amount of data retrieve and data save that would take along with the data view would be an enormous undertaking and this has never
been done before. Having said that. This project milestone would be quite the moonshoot for this technology system, it can be done.
(5.) Then our good forces would like this project's codebase to be taken into the lair of RTS, had it been like this then that would mean it would have to be devised as an interactive environment in totality and a drone-like destiny 360° camera
views traveling from, point [A] to point [B], in designation. My senior programming lead has actually told me that this computing power would be not only doable but also not as vast as I am currently thinking, meaning from here we could add
more and more moonshots to be implemented.


If Roze understands these sciences then he would better understand the totality of his current understanding of his reality shared with others in this world. In the past and in the future of all human senses. This is the culmination of known
elements and materials being logged into our digital or actual databases. Now the object is to make it perfectly humane and habitable. So every piece of scientific modification, tracking, methods is with us for teams to incorporate. Medical,
forensic science, psychology, chemical, biological, photobiological, biochemical, physics, physiological, sonar, thermal, radar, echo sounds, finders, navigation, synthetic aperture, acoustics, reflection seismology and nanotechnologies. To
get a better picture of what kind of power we have as a human race to monitor potential life outcomes of the entire human population as a whole as it deals with the murderer on a daily basis and we are forced to live alongside these criminals
that can take our lives at any moment. These technologies can find any material of certain previously determined compounds under the water and can detect a variety of other elements thousands of meters away in real-time which is actual. Human
bodies have distinct solids stored in ourselves for the rest of our natural lives that solidify, this is the current medical standpoint. Roze can lead a perfect, personal nutritional livelihood and I can proceed to exercise everyday, this is
where these ideas first began to take shape in order to monitor my health, 24/7/365. Vibrant Health. I can then shape what kind of body I want with my nutrition and fully know my current health day to day to better protect myself from any
infliction. Because I had to cut sum pleasure meals out and eliminate them completely. Our technology capabilities can be incorporated into any pair of Nike shoes that have digital trackers and your Apple Watch can take an ECG, blood oxygen
level, heartbeat, blood pressure and weight. What this system can do is find a specific, 'minute compound of any certain mineral or chemical or element through any structure and any, 'body of of human knowledge,' that is currently known. Any
type of chemical form can be found at any given time. I am the man who originally thought of WhatsApp'|?>. This is the same idea if there is a digital signal there is a way to communicate with other digital devices and receive information. With
the power of these listed technologies, sonar and all of its related technologies along with all of the human race's amount of mobile technologies, digital antennas. We can together be able to discern what is necessary in order to defeat violence,
murder and rape. We already have a vast collection of electronic devices at hand, old and new. Once you complete all of a digital machine's logical properties. The next step is to draw the natural and final computer scientists' progressions and
conclusions. Then the scientist must update the system for a new age and dawn. Anything that is electronic can give a system digital information. In the same way all other sources of electronics can be used for and known for. Then with all of
this available Roze can begin to build a complete map of all our jurisdictions and a criminal's potential actions with any kind of weapon. From this standpoint you have an entire digital-micro-scale world that is exactly like Roze's said
present one at the same time in real-time which is our shared human reality in nature. Roze the scientist, can then locate any chemical substance and then proceed to successfully remove it from the planet Earth. Then our protectors who
preserve our well being can fortify, with every precaution known to man then identify and prepare then eliminate the future human mortal problem. "Hang up every bootstrap." The human race is not meant to live alongside senseless death
and violence, the logical conclusion is its phenomenological extinction. Now let Roze begin. For it is paramount. Which is a defining law of our computer science which is our logia. Once the object of the class is known it is saved,
logged and organized into a digital data table. Meaning any whereabouts of all. Would always be known furthering drawing conclusions which individuals are prone to commit violent crimes with any form of human weapon that you can think of.
As Roze is creating, 'Book Reals' with our human knowledge at hand which is imagery derived from my written language. To correctly understand our proximity to these murderers with weapons that can kill us at any given time. As persons use
technology on a daily basis and 24/7/365. If their is a collection of people off the grid, it is also known further bringing to our attention what devices these 'kriminals have in their possession, on their person. Everywhere Roze finds
digital technology it can then be expressed as nanotechnology. Antennas, personal phones, any form of digital structure forming a cohesive-neural-massive-global-digital net then we can have our government agencies correctly monitor our
well-beings. As the United States already tracks and monitors us in totality, inside the NSA - National Security Agency"?/>. What we have here is this, a vast collection of data derived from the human population as it is a biological species,
taxonomized and ontologically understood by the system. Which in turn you can localize to the government database, give form to data sets and data groups, term and label each into different selected groups of nomenclature further meaning the
NSA - National Security Agency"?/ can understand all of our whereabouts and what we do as citizens and what each American citizen will do in the future. So from this collection of data the ?/Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)"?/,
?FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation?, ?:;-Chicago Police Department:;-? have in their possession(s). They can basically, as I have said, know everything about every single person and what our life outcomes will be and any 'kriminal activity.
You can then begin to make eliminations of stereotypes, human ideals, ideological conclusions that keep us from saving human lives in the fight for life or death. Our chosen leaders must narrow this down and this has been deemed a necessity.
Furthermore with this collection of technologies the human race, presently has at hand. We can properly discern, 'minutely which particles, chemical elements the criminal has or will have. While we have our government agencies monitoring our
daily practices, whereabouts, all of our human routines. We can effectively determine when murder will happen and to never have it take place, forever.

Now let us with our technologies at hand begin to formulate just how we would identify these types of chemical compounds and elements. What are the weapons made of, what are these, 'deadly weapons' composed of, what is the objects
scientific properties and what has it in similarity between each of them and what is different between each weapon and if the object is a weapon or some other substance, composition or in fact not a weapon. For the system identifies
what weapon it is which can be used to kill another person at any time. The system must locate by exactly what coordinates this certain weapon is located in our world, currently.

With these systems of technologies we have at hand, incorporated in this system on a global scale. The system would then begin to narrow the location down and then effectively pinpoint, 'the weapon' to locate to confiscate
immediately and without question. This radar system can then display the, 'scientific composition data' of this deadly weapon, while saving it in a Microsoft database or a trusted database also chosen by our government agencies,
the chosen informed protector would then see the definition of this weapon and where the deadly weapon is exactly located on the map which is an entire digital-micro-scale-exact-model of our present world that we all live in together
as humans in Mother Gaia with the murderers, rapists and thieves. This will be displayed digitally across any form of technologies our government agencies have to receive this type of digital information. With this digital net
created and in definition being viewed with this system as I have previously described we would then together as one, would be able to locate this deadly weapon, quite factually, in real-time and eliminate any other forms of human
knowledge, which means separating the weapons scientific composition from the rest of the scientific determination, then you can label and save this deadly weapon in the chosen database in order to locate it- straight away. This
system would display exactly where to go and confiscate this weapon from the criminal meaning our chosen protectors would be able to remove this weapon from its location and the victim then would no longer withstand mortal harm.

This computer code translation would be to establish the digital net using various antennas and technologies. Proceeding to select a human to perform a scan on its brain because these are where these thoughts come from. The more
digital signals that there are, the greater the strength of transmissions and receptions. Further meaning all that is known, can be represented with our digital technology and this is very important and urgent. That what is to be
known and what is to happen in the future and when a criminal will attack a victim committing crime and bodily harm and the victim has no defense and will proceed to take the pain and the human suffering that this crime entails and
there is no help for this helpless, defenseless victim in our society at this time. Once again, with every digital net of communication between every piece of technology that there is and all of the different ways to communicate with
technology and every technological capability we have at hand we can begin to merge these technological properties and can cause hybrid resolutions in time, in terms and in place of what the technological contributions are at hand.
The main objective is to determine when and where a human will execute another human leaving nothing in doubt nor in the way of our chosen protectors vigilance. With this technology you would actually be able to determine if a human body
enters a stage of unnatural and predetermined rigor-mortis and the noble rot and the decomposition that the human body is at this time, will be and is entering, showcasing. Further determining with this technology where the attackers or
the multiple criminal attackers will be and where they will be coming from and for this very victim that is displaying the common distress.

Now we are beginning to get to the heart of the matter. The very purpose that is this system that I have laid out and designed for the very best technological capabilities. We have here is the representation, the collection of the amount
we have gathered, saved in a correct data table and various other forms of human retrieve, human preservation and human data logging. First you must take the overall. Roze must correctly represent the entire world in a digital manner.
This cohesive-neural-net of digital signals, forming what can be termed an immersive, grand scale, realtime, exact model on a micro-scale or a large-scale to be interpreted by our machines, by our computers. Now this system has to build
many receptors, many data collectors, many data gatherers and many digital centers with these forms of data retrieval. Other than building new systems of technology that is placed in every dark corner of planet earth with our airplanes
and our boats. What do we exactly have at our dispose, now? Every second a phone is sending a signal to a antenna, paid for and built by a telecommunications company offering cell phone service. This system can effectively represent
the entire state of Illinois, with all of their personal phones each American citizen has on them and if it is either off or on, it does not matter in this tune, in this wavelength, in this form of digital communication is what we
are after. Think of one phone, it can give this system, a good-size general overall net of digital awareness of its surrounding and what is in the world, that is the chemical makeup. All Roze and his team would have to do is program
a new software update that would work with American citizen's phone antenna and the "Base," the "Base" representing what the team has built with our Radar, Sonar, Thermal and all of our related technologies that we have incorporated
and every form of technological hybrid that gives the best encompassing in real-d'time digital(net) we can possibly think of and can use in the real world. Everyday this one phone can give us information about another, body, in its
radius and give us digital information of what it exactly has on its pursen. Even this Google C//hromebook I am using can receive ongoing software updates and give a general consensus of what individuals in the Uptown Branch of the
Chicago Public Library have on their,<.O "purse'n"O and the digital signal that is a circle could even stretch on for a couple blocks and interact with another digital signal. Digital Signals && Antennas, relating the digital info
back to the "Base." Where the base receives the data, saves the data and displays the data in order to view it by the chosen protector. And by design this "Base" would monitor the same as the phone would and there would be many
bases that we could build across Illinois and the USA as a whole. Even turning all of the antennas the telecommunication companies, the very large and tall ones that they have into another, "Base." How far ranging of a signal can
that one phone give to this system? The digital solution would be to incorporate, multiply and add the commutative properties that is all of these different phone signals into one giant representation, resounding, recursive,
recalling, cumulative, reproducing, reforming, large neural-digital-radar-sonar thermal(related etc.) Net. So now imagine the amount of phone signals we have at all times and how these signals are communicating with the different
variety of "Bases." This system would have the ability to monitor anything at any time and at all times. 24/7/365 and by design would get stronger, more fluent and better active and more clear as time goes on with multiple software
updates. Because the signals, transmissions, receptions, receivers by their very definition are quantitative by design.

The greatest purpose the greatest desperate use that you can achieve with this technology system. Is the ability to divide human organisms down to their chemical, biological, even metaphysical manifolds, their human understood
totality that it is currently in a human understood representation. This meaning what is divided, what is seen and understood can be demonstrated then medically and ontologically logged into our chosen data system. Further meaning
can the scientist understand how long the human organism has lived for and can it understand how much longer the human organism can live for. Roze can begin to decipher what it means to live until a human being's natural causes take
hold and we achieve a natural and rather timely death, which is our own. For example we can gauge how long a fish can live for down to the exact amount of days. We are beginning to determine this same thing as a medical community and
how long a man can in fact live for as long as he can and until his 70's, 80's and into the 90's is rare but as we have moved throughout history as a human organism we are beginning to live longer and Roze believes that is because we
no longer have as many threats to our living lives anymore than we did before when it was, survival of the fittest. When you begin to take-in a human organism, the patient-what have you, there is two points, A && B. Point A,
representing where the human organism has lived before and how long it has lived up until this current time, of the data-scientific-specific-example that this unit of measurement has been taken. Point B, representing the human organisms
natural course and how long we as a medical community and with forensic, well-being, insight and precept will continue on and into the future, which is our collective futures at hand. For example, this man only has about 4 to 5 years to
live and his wife will die soon after he does and, both sadly, of natural causes which is their own right, and they both lived long and full lives as scientifically and medically expected. As I have previously said before, our human organism
existing does not stop at the hands, feet and skull of the head and which what that is naked to the human eye but what is happening in our scientifically understood, scientifically now determined darkness and is the natural order, with the
nature of light, rays, atoms, dust, once again an organism comes into the path of our other bodies either animate or in-animate and what is this exact response to this, order of things, that the human organism must perform in order to live a
natural living-life amongst others, us human organisms currently living as one and in the present. We can then judge decomposition and rigor mortis and the noble rot with this system, that is only achieved by natural causes the human organism
follows this path, mind you, or if you take your drug-use very seriously and shorten your natural living life and that is your personal choice or your a stunt-man'A. But to begin to get to the heart of the matter that is at hand. You have,
(1) human organism, that has has its manifolds in totality, measured and its Point A && Point B has been digitally categorized as, nine and twenty years old and will live naturally until somewhere into his 80's but if he takes it serious with,
substance abuse, I will shorten it, but I have been sober for over six years now and used to smoke weed everyday for about ten years before that, quite simply. Now what this technology system will also realize is this, '(1), will achieve an
un-natural form of human decomposition happening in the next 4-8 days because of (2)' the reason being is because another human organism, (2), is approaching and exalting justice for example multiple verbal assaults, or (1) is representing a
greater cause that goes against (2)the public murderer, the rapist and the thieves, or is a perfect example of human prey and has its guard down and is lying in wait, (2) is now a well-known-notorious-drug-fueled-crazed-lunatic-murderer that
is hell-bent on earning what, (1)'s body, equates to in the amount of coin it is worth rather than the love it shall hold for its family. Human organism(1) is also categorized as having a clean record and a conceal to carry a firearm and has
a rather expensive, hard to comeby, commodity(decoration) and is proceeding to protect its own and other human organisms that it is biologically related to, known as its loving family and their loved ones. The local police department
LS'Chicago Police Department[], the NewGGM'FBI – Federal Bureau of InvestigationGM, the  NewGM'U.S. MarshalsGM<,|.>, the BO's::||::"Y'?/Cook County Sheriff's Office (Official)'BO?/, BO'United States Secret Service'BO::Y'(||)O:M, and the
Shaun Terence McGovern's'(<v.)Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) would then be notified of these disturbances to the well being of this human organism, '(1).' So it would continue to live-on and until a natural form of rigor mortis,
decomposition, and the noble rot takes place rather than the unnatural, and human decisive topical causes, are 'bout to be exalted upon thee and it, by human organism '(2),' the well-known and famous, Murderer and a kriminal designated by
Larry H☐☐'ver himself and for example the Chicago Police Department, \\z && '//t. For example decomposition looks different in water because it is under the influence of different forms of light rather than the ground, the grave we sleep
beside in comparison at night.

Now what we have developed over the centuries that we so shall have lived, reincarnated once more because Hinduism is a form of physical mathematics and a human science. Roze is in touch with these forms of informations, that is the human
spirit being expressed outside of our bodies. In the real world in a distinction of what I have termed, as 'escopals.' All you must do to invoke one of these spirits drawn from our human metaphysical consciousness is this, think of what you
have read in a book and in the outside world you may see some beautiful art filled expression further telling Roze's common human understanding and any one can be seen at any time and you can see this and we are in fact communicating with
the outside world, Mother Gaia, and all her natural and in-animate expressions and it is related to the grave as well as the Heavens, the utopia of it all. What we have here in a photobiological manner is a term I like to call, vertaaaxes
which understanding this incorporates the physical world with our sciences. And because we invoked these whichisours scientific properties and we must then scientifically determine what these reactions mean to us. The photobiological organism
experiencing all sciences known to man in a beautiful mathematical and digital expression that can be saved. What I am getting here at is this. We are not only represented by flesh, blood and bone, we are in fact represented in other matters
that only scientific tools determining light and our complete biological organisms moving around this world. These perimeters do not end at our feed and at our head nor our hands. These personal human radii continue on for at least 20-30 feet
each way around us in circumcision further determining just how our organisms coexist in this world of ours. So the example comes up a fish that is very small but the feelers, the bio-genetic extra colours, whiskers, furs, extra camouflage
additives given to the species there is more than what meets the eye and it takes on this different scientific concern. More meaning that I am not only a human organism that I can see but with this scientific technology system I am building
that you can see here we can in fact determine many other things the naked eye cannot possibly see and what these machines will see is in fact the totality of the human species, rather singular and amongst other bodies. How each will interact
with another and what in fact interactions will take place and have even taken place.

Neurologically we can scientifically determine if a pursen wants to kill another Pursen and is approaching and will commit the heavy handed and powerful criminal acts leading to death at any time. "Hell-bent." If we can judge body temperature
with Thermography we can see the inner-workings of the human brain and how we Assembla our common human thinking patterns and our collected memories. We can discover which of us apart from the human species that is grouped all together as one
and separate those humans that we have specifically determined human emotions that lead to criminal actions and have proven criminal history of abuse towards others.  Foucault-MRI. Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)>.?/>.:;"'{+'}[+']:|

Look at these technology systems that we have around us and which is what we can then derive necessarily from it. What processes do we know going further and what kind of system that this is designed to do becomes part of the greater picture
at hand and to us digitally. When this is the upmost importance this is the guide, this is the route, this is the data process that we need to derive and then simply implement it in this system that Roze has designed. With the technology
processes of the infrared and thermal. Let us take how it defines weapons and displays them quite so, before us. So us humans can view it than determine that it is in fact a weapon on the criminal, that is one way. Let us now derive from
the medical equipment of what we have at our dispose and let the medical technology experts narrow down for us the exact digital process it takes to read a human mind and the ability to scan our emotions, yes the biological, chemical
building blocks that make up the human mind and the rest of our bodies even. This technology system would then have the purpose, the determination and then proceed to derive the scientific method located in the MRI and even the X-Ray and any
and all other related medical technologies that we have at our dispose, this will be the second way for us. Leading to a newly developed way and this is an already scientifically understood way of identifying human organisms with the inclusion
of escopals, vartaxxes and what I have termed as vertebraces, this is two manifolds and this is how to scientifically measure an organism in its totality. First we discover how a human organism approaches a natural form of decomposition and
rigor mortis. How many degrees can we measure this substantial scientific notation. For the next perhaps, 8 solid days we can measure an digitally expected human being's manifold. This scientific process would be to determine the light that
has been shed from a human organism or the breaking down of our individual scientific properties. What exact scientific properties does this human organism take on and what does it lose in comparison to a normal living human species. As you can
see the human being is living perfectly healthy and expected to live and then die onto natural causes this manifold. If it were to take on any disease these scientific human measurements would take on different human understood properties. Now
once again, we draw these scientific conclusions of how we could determine an unnatural form of death the human will experience because before it was in a natural stasis of longevity without any physical harm from manifold to another manifold.
This is killed or be killed. This is predatory vs. prey. This is everyone out for themselves. The organism would have and this is a must, be under the attack of the predator and it is soon to be closing in. When we take this scientific measurement
the human being would be seen in example with an attacker approaching and then this human being would enter a different manifold which is a different form of scientific existence with different scientific understood properties. For example how a
star dies. This predator would then begin to impression, disaster, disrupt the very fields surrounding and that make-up and have made, this perfect example of human prey and it would then slowly but surely end its life, in a way of means, in 6-8 days,
in a variety of different ways, the most brutal grotesque way would be chosen. Now we have precept, this is our third way. In order to determine this we would take from the leading scientific teams this process and then of course implement it into this
technology system so it can perform it in digital realtime and when it is ever so necessary. The next process that we need to derive from our leading technology teams that have expertise in any form of radar and sonar and any other form of our related
technologies we have at hand. Label and determine the scientific logical processes of how this system relates to us, just how, it finds any chemical compound thousands of meters away then saves this DataSet and reports back to us where it exactly is,
what it is then we derive then digitally implement this into our technology system, this is our fourth way. Then reverberate with every antenna that you see, with every 'Base' that we can build we can then implement this into our
quantative-recievers-transmissive-receptors signals and we resound this repetitively exactly what the human population needs in order to save itself from predators with either their hands, heads, elbows and feets and any form of blunt object and any
and all kinds of guns, explosives and nuclear warheads.

The antennas communicating with the bases and communicating with the other antennas. For this only derives the methods that are already, in use, inside working systems and implementing them into a new technology system. The antennas would have the
ability to communicate in any way to any other form of antenna or base that this technology system, can use to fully control at one time or another and that means at all times as well. One way the entire collections of antennas, bases and signals
would communicate would to be establishing an entire net of a scientifically examined area that is understood by this technology system in totality and if it isn't understood then this system would proceed to understand what is there and then
perform a data save, a data view would then display the necessary information this system wants to display for the user. That would be one way. The other way these antennas, bases and signals would communicate and data log all movements, shapes
and sizes and chemical compositions in the selected area that these signals of telecommunications are digitally describing and will then next fulfill their technological purposes to the database. This net would be proven to be performing 24/7
and at all times. There wouldn't be any down times and if that where to be the case, there are significant measures to backup this system from never happening, proving that this technology system will never go dark, this system will be impenetrable
to any and all cyber attacks and will perform all of its duties until the objectives are made clear and have completed themselves until all are completed and then the next step would be to perform this in a repetition until all objectives are
fulfilled and by design this system gets stronger, more fluent and a backbone to any and all cyber intelligence that we have, take place and have implemented for example this system that you can see before you. The software implemented and
designed antennas available would have a variety of properties that it can fulfill objectives in a necessary way to complete those objectives and, anything that these antennas communicate with, can then communicate with these receptors, in any
certain way that our collection of scientific teams want to properly scientifically decipher in order to fulfill all of our secret service objectives, in order to protect the entire human race from any and all harm to any individual at any given
time in the current world.

The cosmic tail. IT would happen to know it that every reaction comes from any action, leading to a process process'ized. Furthermore. With every cause there is a scientific effect. Pain and Response. There would be makings. There would then be
scientific measurements to research and data retrieve. And this is what it is. This: a scientific measurement of a man typing away at his keys. Of a Google, chromebook the time of day is a little more deliberate, but as you can see. From about
3:30PM to 5:20PM on the Tuesday of the Month and then the Date in this exact time on this scale, so to be and we can translate this into real-time like language, like a shedded cosmic, which is a meta-physical take on it; skin. There he would
in fact, leave his fingerprints and his exact motions that his skeleton, his bones filled with blood and muscle in order to still keep typing this, once again leaving a trace. A scientific trace that I have made since I exited the womb of a whore.
There would be no better making then what is this. The totality of biological sediment is now the physical memory once again, in totality, of what our naked eye without science cannot see, and if our eyes were to it would take on a different
meta-physical makeup rather than the current spiritual skeleton that we do have as this understanding will take on different faces and facets. Now let us move on to this point. Which is the makings, once more. That it is of anything I have done
in the past still, in fact, exists and anything I have or will do in the future will be measured by the light contained by our human circulatory system and our hands and our feet and head and the rest of the body and where I went, where I have
operated and gone and "completed" after receiving direction and have successfully pre-meditated it, the Act .>v/

The 'a' is a chemical, physical and mathematical symbol representing the multitude and also the minute as we can perceive, decipher and data log the maxima and minima. Of two instances in a mathematical space where these chemical substances are
currently located and what is their vector distance between these two instances. Also the location of that exact mathematical plane that these, points and chemical entities, are currently on meaning the manifold they hold together in a physical
mathematical representation. The other meaning can be what this manifold means in determinance of the system, in entirety, as everything in mother nature has its actions leading to causes and its repercussions leading to its effects. 

Here we have the 'f'<.?/'||"THarold Washington College.?/'||"T> which is the ecological distance from these two compositional entities. Their difference, their similarity and their responses to these two biological instances in our shared
reality meaning what can we, this system, learn from it, what can we data gather and what is "it." Moving on, what and how and why this can be data logged into a data set and a Set of any typical-digital-set you can think of then digitally
saved to the mainframe. This mathematical biological ecologically physical symbol can also represent a (c)onstant in order to further our system's determination in nature which is ours. For we must know any and everything and that is our
clear and complete confidential objective...

the 's' is the quality of the substance, the composition of the volume within its physical environment. What that means to the substance and the physical properties that it is currently located in and as it has been. For that is the
composition we are looking for and how it will respond and has responded with other compositional entities that have due to our mathematical laws and physics these compounds have had and will have a relationship with other mathematical laws.
Continuing from there and this 's', is able to satisfy a data list or data query or data retrieve so that this compositional entity will be scientifically properly identified with the system. Moving on to another quantity that is'in
similarity to this previous 's'.

For this project has become quite expansive, understandably:

(1.)First and foremost, identify any human deadly weapon its current location, where it is traveling to end up at and then finally its lawful confiscation preventing any form of innocent bloodshed or violence about to be committed by the criminal(s).
(2.)Second, being to develop this technology system we have at hand and with our already understood technological methods we have in place, for this system's scientific eye and data retrieve leading to its dataView would be able to determine in a
variety of ways, future and potential, criminal violent harm of any kind to any, would be victim, which is about to be committed to anyone at any given time in the entire world.
(3.)Third, a new class a new interface what have you would be to even decipher past crimes committed by criminals with scientific research leading to forensic analysis and law group determinations of the proof needed to prosecute those who have
committed horrific crimes in the past and of which they have done so.
(4.)Then from here, this point, any other layer of design, implementation, construction or ability needed by General Mark A. Milley or President Joe Biden or any other trusted affiliate named by them. Could be brought to our shared reality and
completed.For example a complete 1:1 digitally recreated world that is a mirror of our own biological world, the amount of data retrieve and data save that would take along with the data view would be an enormous undertaking and this has never
been done before. Having said that. This project milestone would be quite the moonshoot for this technology system, it can be done.
(5.) Then our good forces would like this project's codebase to be taken into the lair of RTS, had it been like this then that would mean it would have to be devised as an interactive environment in totality and a drone-like destiny 360° camera
views traveling from, point [A] to point [B], in designation. My senior programming lead has actually told me that this computing power would be not only doable but also not as vast as I am currently thinking, meaning from here we could add
more and more moonshots to be implemented.
:\'(ABTM)
